chore!: improve how tests are called (#71)
defenseunicorns/uds-common: README.md

This task file includes two tasks:

- `package`: creates a zarf package located at the base of the repository. It has a required variable of `FLAVOR` which defaults to `upstream` and inputs to override the default path and options used for creation (useful in publishing workflows).

> - `test-bundle`: creates a test bundle located at the path `bundle/` (by default). It has uses `UDS_ARCH` to override the default architecture used for creation (useful in publishing workflows). Note that this task does not create any pre-requisite zarf packages so those tasks must be run first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `test-bundle`: creates a test bundle located at the path `bundle/` (by default). It uses `UDS_ARCH` to override the default architecture used for creation (useful in publishing workflows). Note that this task does not create any pre-requisite zarf packages so those tasks must be run first.
```

This task file includes a single task `package` which publishes zarf package(s) located at the base of the repository. Inputs for this task:

- `FLAVOR`: the flavor of the zarf package to publish, defaults to `upstream`.
- `TARGET_REPO`: the target OCI repository to publish the zarf package to (without the `oci://` scheme) - this defaults to `ghcr.io/defenseunicorns/packages/uds`.
- `VERSION`: the version of the zarf package to publish with no default. This should typically be version controlled by something like release-please.

Note that this task will publish both `arm64` and `amd64` architectures, with the exception of the `registry1` flavor which will skip the `arm64` publish.

### pull.yaml

This task file includes one task:

> - `latest-package-release`: finds the latest package release for the repo and pulls it into the specified directory path. It has a required variable of `FLAVOR` which defaults to `upstream` and a `TARGET_REPO` variable which is the target OCI repository to publish the zarf package to (without the `oci://` scheme) - this defaults to `ghcr.io/defenseunicorns/packages/uds`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `latest-package-release`: finds the latest package release for the repo and pulls it into the specified directory path. It has a required variable of `FLAVOR` which defaults to `upstream` and a `TARGET_REPO` variable which is the target OCI repository to pull the zarf package from (without the `oci://` scheme) - this defaults to `ghcr.io/defenseunicorns/packages/uds`.
```
